Added IPv6 only Cilium config (#368)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/networking/basic_network_options.md

::1       localhost
```

> Cilium does not support encapsulation for IPv6 traffic; communication between pods on different nodes relies on the network to properly route packets. Cilium can be configured to add routes between nodes with the following configuration:

Author: yes if there is an IPv6 only config the encapsulation is disabled by default.

> Cilium does not support encapsulation for IPv6 traffic; communication between pods on different nodes relies on the network to properly route packets. Cilium can be configured to add routes between nodes with the following configuration:

Reviewer: OK, thanks!

> When configured with Cilium it doesn't support any tunnel mode with IPv6 then the pods are using the host network to communicate. Cilium can configure the routing table for the various CIDRs on the different nodes with the following configuration:

Reviewer 2: Is this a **STATEMENT** that Cilium doesn't support tunneling IPv6, or simply noting that it can be CONFIGURED to not tunnel IPv6? If the former, then how about this:

```suggestion
Cilium does not support encapsulation for IPv6 traffic; communication between pods on different nodes relies on the network to properly route packets. Cilium can be configured to add routes between nodes with the following configuration:
```

Author: Yes it's not supported with IPv6 only. It works only with dualstack
